you seem to have caused quite a
commotion what can I say
what's going on
very late L can I find him I'm not sure
that's a good idea
but you want to protect me I want to
help you
the Brotherhood has resources manpower
you cannot be serious
I don't trust the assassin
all right take me to your Brotherhood
I'll hear their offer
offer maybe a bit stronger
the trail ends here are you sure I'm
sure
no wait here
don't be ridiculous of not letting you
go in there alone Elise
I understand
you'd better take him back to me
it's beautiful
can can things ever go back to the way
they were before do you think do you
after everything that's happened
everything we've lost so that's it then
the course of history forever altered
never again to return maybe we can't go
back but going forward isn't necessarily
an ending
you took too long
Oh